<!--title={Creating Volunteer and Administrators databases}-->

Great, now that we have an idea of what we want to make, let's make modules for Volunteers and Administrators that will be exported into our *index.js* file.



Create two separate files, *Volunteers.js* and *Admin.js* that each contain their own exported module that *Index.js* will import and use. 



In each file create router methods using the **REST APIs** for: 

* Adding a Volunteer/Administrator - Your add method should send a *201* status if it succeeds, and if it fails it should catch the exception and send a *400* error. 
* Reading *All* Volunteers/Administrators - This method should read in all volunteers/adminstrators and if it is unsuccessfull send a *500* error. 
* Reading *One* Volunteer/Administrator - This method should read in one volunteer/adminstrator,  if not found send a *404* error, and if found send the user to screen. If there's an error, send a *500* status error. 
* Deleting a Volunteer/Administrator - This method should try to delete an volunteer/adminstrator by ID. If it does not find one send a *404* status error, if it does find one send the user, and if there's an exception send a *500* status error.
* Updating a Volunteer/Administrator - This method should attempt to update a volunteer/adminstrator's information.  If the update is invalid, set a *400* status error, and send a *404* status error if the update to the id is not a stored volunteer/administrator. If the update is successful, send the volunteer/administrator, and if unsuccessful send a *400* status error. 

Good Luck! 