<!--title={Volunteer Database}-->

Go into the project directory start up the MongoDB database.

In the project folder, go to the `src` directory. This will be where most of our javascript code will be to handle the database and server requests.

Create a file called `volunteers.js` in the `models` folder, which will show how we design our database model for the volunteers. In here, use the `mongoose` module to create a model that stores the information of a single volunteer.

Create a another file called `vounteers.js` in the `routers` folder, which will store the REST APIs for the database. Each database router should have the following REST APIs:

* Adding a Volunteer/Administrator - Your add method should send a *201* status if it succeeds, and if it fails it should catch the exception and send a *400* error. 
* Reading *All* Volunteers/Administrators - This method should read in all volunteers/adminstrators and if it is unsuccessfull send a *500* error. 
* Reading *One* Volunteer/Administrator - This method should read in one volunteer/adminstrator,  if not found send a *404* error, and if found send the user to screen. If there's an error, send a *500* status error. 
* Deleting a Volunteer/Administrator - This method should try to delete an volunteer/adminstrator by ID. If it does not find one send a *404* status error, if it does find one send the user, and if there's an exception send a *500* status error.
* Updating a Volunteer/Administrator - This method should attempt to update a volunteer/adminstrator's information.  If the update is invalid, set a *400* status error, and send a *404* status error if the update to the id is not a stored volunteer/administrator. If the update is successful, send the volunteer/administrator, and if unsuccessful send a *400* status error. 

You will need a place to store your server, since we modularized the routers and models for you. Create a file called `index.js`, that will **use** ....

TODO

