<!--title={Event Database}-->

Next, we are going to create the database to store the event info. You'll need three parts to this card: 

1. A file called `event.js` in the `models` folder under the ``src`` folder , which will show how we design our database model for the events. Each event should have the following items
   * Event Name
   * coordinator 
   * date
   * month
   * day
   * time
   * location
   * description
   * attendee count
   * a reference to the event itself
2. A file called `event.js` in the `routers` folder in `src` directory - this will be our routers for the event database
   * Adding a Volunteer/Administrator - Your add method should send a *201* status if it succeeds, and if it fails it should catch the exception and send a *400* error. 
   * Reading *All* Volunteers/Administrators - This method should read in all volunteers/adminstrators and if it is unsuccessfull send a *500* error. 
   * Reading *One* Volunteer/Administrator - This method should read in one volunteer/adminstrator,  if not found send a *404* error, and if found send the user to screen. If there's an error, send a *500* status error. 
   * Deleting a Volunteer/Administrator - This method should try to delete an volunteer/adminstrator by ID. If it does not find one send a *404* status error, if it does find one send the user, and if there's an exception send a *500* status error.
   * Updating a Volunteer/Administrator - This method should attempt to update a volunteer/adminstrator's information.  If the update is invalid, set a *400* status error, and send a *404* status error if the update to the id is not a stored volunteer/administrator. If the update is successful, send the volunteer/administrator, and if unsuccessful send a *400* status error. 
3. The `index.js` file that will run our server. No changes should be made to this from the past file except that the routes will be imported from events.js









